AJIN: DEMI-HUMAN
♪ Do you sleep well? ♪
♪ Did your wounds heal? ♪
♪ Just 'cause they say
The night is lonely ♪
♪ You don't have to force yourself
To love someone ♪
♪ They say I'm dreaming ♪
♪ They say I'm sobbing ♪
♪ They say I tried to die
Without knowing ♪
♪ Did you manage
To hide? ♪
♪ Did you hold
Your breath? ♪
♪ Just 'cause they say it's tough now ♪
♪ Don't have to force yourself
To change ♪
♪ Even a brave savage ♪
♪ Even a troubled lamb ♪
♪ They are just wandering through life ♪
♪ So I don't stand out ♪
♪ So I can put up with it ♪
♪ So my train of thought won't stop yet ♪
♪ Tonight run away, run away
It's unbelievable ♪
♪ Someone take my hand ♪
♪ The tomorrow we can't see
Doesn't have to come ♪
♪ Now I just want to sleep ♪
IT'S SHOW TIME
It's two days until the man
who calls himself Sato has announced
that he will stage an attack.
As you can see,
there is already very tight security
around Grant Pharmaceuticals.
-However, the company intends...
[Yamanaka] Oh, dear.
The world seems
to be so dangerous nowadays.
[reporter] ...a move which has attracted
quite a bit of attention.
Grandma. I, um...
Huh?
I have a favor to ask.
[man grunting]
We should be able to get inside
in about five minutes.
That's good. Then we will be ready.
Hello there.
We're with Clean Fox Service.
We were called in.
You got an issue with the drainage pipes.
The drainage pipes?
You heard about it?
[man]
No, I haven't heard anything.
[guard] Hmm?
[Okuyama] Oh, this?
I actually hurt myself
on the job recently,
but management says
we don't have any extra guys to spare.
It's tough being on the bottom
of the food chain.
[chuckles] Yeah, I hear you on that.
-Uh, repair the pipes, huh?
-That's right.
Uh...
Yeah, it is in the schedule.
[elevator dings]
[Takahashi sighs]
Oh, man.
Yeah, really.
That was some great work, huh?
No time. Let's hurry.
[elevator dings]
Mr. Sato, can you see?
Yes, quite well indeed.
Okay. That's the northeast wall.
So, then, is it all right
to leave the rest to you?
Yeah, we've got this.
[Tosaki] ...and that's final point
of the Ajin Control Commission's plan
for countering Sato.
All right, then,
do you have any questions for me?
[commander]
Yes.
Um...
what is the water-spraying equipment for?
IBM countermeasures.
The latest research indicates
that IBMs appear
to be somewhat vulnerable to it
-when it comes to water.
[commander] Hmm.
What's the status
with Grant Pharmaceuticals' security?
We've covered everything.
Since the day of the threat,
the entry of nonemployees like vendors
has been strictly regulated,
and the bomb squad ran a screen
throughout the building
that came up clear.
We've also prepared
for the possibility of aerial attacks.
I see.
However, we're dealing with Sato.
Be sure not to let your guard down.
[commander] Right.
Um, can I ask you one last question?
[Tosaki] What is it?
I fully understand the need
to capture the target, but...
well, do we... really need
to take all these measures?
Is there an issue, commander?
[commander] Well, um...
Don't these methods seem like--?
I don't know how else to put it.
They seem inhumane to me.
You do know that Ajins aren't human.
Therefore, the word "inhumane"
doesn't apply in this case.
[scoffs]
Yeah, I get it.
Well, then, I wish you luck.
Takahashi, you got that upside down.
[Takahashi] Yeah, I know that.
Oh, hey, Gen,
you should leave a 20-centimeter gap
in there.
Okay, got it.
[Ko grunting]
[door clangs]
Huh? [yells]
You crazy?!
-You're the one who wanted that stuff.
-Huh?
-Oh.
-See you.
Hey, Nagai! Wait.
Are you really not going to do anything?
-It's in two days.
-We've already discussed that.
But you and I might be able to stop Sato.
[gasps]
Damn it!
[door clangs]
-Huh?
How would we do that?
How do you think? We fight him.
Really?
I was a fool for asking.
[Ko] Wait!
I know where Sato's hideout is.
-Why don't we just go tell the police?
-Heh.
There's no way he'd stay
in the same place.
He's moved on by now.
Especially since an idiot
like you managed to escape.
Listen, Nagai, when I met Sato,
he said something
about causing a massacre.
Even if the police try to stop him,
as an Ajin,
he can kill whoever he wants.
Seriously.
Sato plans to go through with this.
I'm sure he does.
Okay, look, if he can pull off
dangerous things like that
just because he's an Ajin,
then so can we, right?
We might be able to stop him.
No, that's ridiculous.
He's probably had a ton
of high-level combat training in the past.
Fighting him would be useless.
We couldn't win.
Is that right? Then why were you
practicing with that black monster?
Weren't you planning to use it
to fight back?
No, that's only because I was curious.
It's like... I need to figure out
what I'm capable of doing
and just how far I can go.
To be honest,
it has nothing to do with fighting.
I see.
So, you really don't want to fight him?
I actually like my life right now.
It's quiet, peaceful...
No one hassling me.
I don't plan on throwing that away.
So, as long as you're okay,
nothing else matters.
There's no one who doesn't think that.
[scoffs]
-Jerk!
-Idiot.
[man on TV]
Keep your head down in those books.
Great for studying,
and can even be used as a lantern.
The Appeaser, a new multilight LED.
Buy now and get a free good-luck bracelet.
Why don't you make your room
and your future brighter?
-Only 15 monthly payments of 4300 yen.
[Kei] I'm home.
Oh, welcome back.
[sniffing]
Curry?
Ground-beef curry,
just like you asked for.
[chuckles] That's awesome.
Oh, before I forget.
Here, you asked for this, too.
You actually got it?
Well, I had some errands in town...
so, I picked it up while I was there.
Thank you.
I'm sorry. It must have cost a lot.
Enough of that.
Don't you worry about the money.
A man has to do what he's gotta do.
Whatever it is.
[chuckles]
I'll be sure to remember that.
-Are you gonna call someone?
-Huh?
Are you sure that it's a good idea?
Leaving so soon?
That's not it. Don't worry.
I just wanted to look something up.
[Yamanaka sighs]
If that's all,
you could have just gone to the library.
Kids these days don't know
what's good for them.
Machines won't tell you everything,
you know.
[chuckles]
You guys all finished, huh?
Yup, everything's working again.
[Sato] Looks like it went smoothly.
All right, let's go, Tanaka.
Right.
[Sato chuckling]
You sure seem to be having fun.
Whenever I play video games,
I always make sure to play
the hardest mode the game has to offer.
Oh? Where's this coming from?
I've learned one thing.
If the game is really hard to play,
then it's also a lot more fun.
Sir, look...
you are urged to follow our advice.
Please, sir,
let your employees go home now.
You realize that time is money.
One day of shutting down the business
means millions in losses.
Their lives are at stake, sir.
Money and life
are actually one and the same.
And let's just say that these IBM things
were to really exist.
What is it that you think they can do?
I don't know how he plans to attack,
but it's not possible to get through
these security measures we've set up.
Roger. Start it up.
We don't have time to play along
with the lies of the Man in the Hat.
It's all set.
[guard 1] Hello. Can I help you? [grunts]
[guard 2] Hey! What are you doing?
[grunts]
Hey. Your hands are shaking.
[Takahashi sighs]
-Damn.
-Huh?
This is totally crazy, don't you think?
Hmm.
All clear.
[gunshots]
[chuckles]
[building rumbling]
[gasps] Huh?
[explosion]
[all gasping]
[woman] I came over...
[man 1] Further back.
[man 2] Get out of the way!
Everyone, get clear!
[man 3] Go, go, go!
Oh, no!
[gasping]
[explosion]
[laughing]
Huh. He's really going through with it.
[gasps]
Now, that was a blast.
This is...
Mr. Tosaki.
[reporter on TV] We're broadcasting
from above Grant Pharmaceuticals,
the target of recent threats.
[grunting]
[newscaster] I can't believe this!
The building!
A high-rise building has collapsed
onto Grant Pharmaceuticals...
Damn!
[reporter] ...which seems
like it's been crushed.
[Kei] So, he'd really go this far.
[Sato] Good job, Okuyama.
Now, then...
The enemy's not likely
to let me escape easily.
[sighs]
How long are you planning
to hold back, Colonel Kouma?
Why don't you mobilize the Anti-Ajins?
I can't.
That unit doesn't even legally exist.
I can't send them out
in such a public place.
I've been warned by my superiors.
[grunts]
The battle's been lost, Tosaki.
It's just getting started.
[man 1] Aren't the ambulances here yet?
[man 2] Hurry up here!
[man 3] Hurry up, let's carry them.
[man 4]
I'm gonna feel that in the morning.
[man 5] There are more wounded over here.
[man 6] You'll make it.
-You all right?
[man 7] I'm great.
[man 8] I need help now!
[man 9] Come on.
[gasps]
[man 10] Just a little further.
It's-- It's Sato!
He's just playing with us.
Now, then, everyone.
You don't believe
this war is already over, do you?
What's the strongest armed force
in this country?
The Self-Defense Force?
That's wrong.
With no actual battle experience,
I would say
that they're not even in the running.
So, that leaves...
That's right.
The Metropolitan Police Assault Team,
a combat team that is truly elite,
developed to focus on tactical supremacy
rather than negotiation.
Therefore,
it follows that if we beat them,
then, actually, we are the strongest
armed force in the country.
And so, I ask the public
to decide based on the results
of this battle...
whose side they should be on:
ours or the humans'.
Did you hear that, teacher?
The Man in the Hat's sending
a live broadcast.
All of Japan will be watching this battle.
That means we can't afford to lose.
The same is true for him.
Now...
it's show time.
[theme playing]
♪ If my wish would come true ♪
♪ Once again ♪
♪ I wanna touch your heart ♪
♪ No matter how dark it gets ♪
♪ I'll be searching ♪
♪ For my one ♪
♪ And only light ♪
♪ As I look up to the stars ♪
♪ Even though you are far ♪
♪ You're looking up
At the same starry sky ♪
♪ In the sky of my heart ♪
♪ It's about to spill over ♪
♪ Your smile and ♪
♪ Your warmth ♪
♪ Hear me ♪
♪ Until I went away and ♪
♪ Faced the lonely days ♪
♪ I thought I could understand ♪
♪ What it means to love ♪
♪ Feeling everything that ♪
♪ Was right in front of me ♪
♪ Losing something precious ♪
♪ Realizing real love ♪
♪ I'll tell you now ♪
♪ Just how close you are ♪